updates read me (#329)
apollographql/apollo-feature-requests: README.md

<a href='https://www.apollographql.com/'><img src='https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/841294/53402609-b97a2180-39ba-11e9-8100-812bab86357c.png' height='100' alt='Apollo Feature Requests'></a>

# 👋 Welcome

> Many of the features in the Apollo Platform came from suggestions by you, the community! We welcome any ideas about how to make the Apollo Core Platform better for your use cases. Unless there is overwhelming demand for a feature, it might not get implemented immediately, but please include as much information as possible that will help people have a discussion about your proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the features in the core Apollo projects came from suggestions by you, the community! While each project has it's own repo for tracking issues, we welcome any ideas about how to make the end-to-end supergraph experience across the core projects work better for your use cases. Unless there is overwhelming demand for a feature, it might not get implemented immediately, but please include as much information as possible that will help people have a discussion about your proposal.
```

## 🧑‍🚀 Apollo feature request process

> This repository is used to track end to end feature requests across the entire Apollo Core Platform. It includes `e2e` features for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is used to track end-to-end supergraph feature requests across the entire core platform. This includes our subgraph compatibility project that ensures your subgraph library or hosted GraphQL API works seamlessly as part of your supergraph, powered by these core projects:
```

> - [Apollo Clients:iOS](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Apollo Client: iOS](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-ios)
```

- [Apollo Client: Kotlin](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-kotlin)
- [Apollo Client: Web](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client)

> - [Apollo Server](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server)

Author: Great suggestion, I've made the change!
